docs(jcloud): add monitoring bit (#4997)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/jcloud/basic.md

## Get status

To get the status of a Flow:
```bash
jc status 15937a10bd
```

```{figure} status.png
:width: 70%
```

## Monitoring

> If the Flow has enabled [monitoring](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/flow/monitoring-flow/) and deployed to JCloud, basic monitoring function will be provided. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable monitoring with the Flow, you can set `monitoring: true` in the Flow yaml and you'd be given access to a [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) dashboard.
```

Also, let's not add a hardcoded link here, instead use a reference. e.g.- [here](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/monitoring-doc/docs/fundamentals/jcloud/advanced.md#retention-days).

> To access the [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) monitoring dashboard, get the status of the Flow first (see above section), at the bottom of the pane you should see the `dashboards` link. Visit the URL and you will find some basic metrics such as 'Number of Request Gateway Received' and 'Time elapsed between receiving a request and sending back the response':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the dashboard, get the status of the Flow first (see above section), at the bottom of the pane you should see the `dashboards` link. Visit the URL and you will find some basic metrics such as 'Number of Request Gateway Received' and 'Time elapsed between receiving a request and sending back the response':
```
